## Business Overview

No matter your location, or what potential problems may come up, having the proper means to ensure your safety is always vital. Everyone can find themself in a situation they are not ready for. Our product ensures that you always have a way to get out of it. If you are in a situation, press the button, and emergency services and contacts will en route to your location. We also offer services to people suffering from depression or suicidal thoughts. With the press of a button, you will have instant access to a therapist or psychologist qualified to help. We also implemented the option to choose who is contacted, meaning this product is not tied to one specific situation, allowing different people to use it in different ways. In the event that you have someone specific you want to talk to, or notify about your situation, you may add as many verified contacts as you wouuld like. Our goal is to connect our customers with proper help in every situation, without charging them an unaffordable amount of money.

#### Customer Process

The idea of our business is to allow users via an app or keyfob, to request help with the click of a button. When the button is pressed, your location will be sent to emergency responders. You will be called by dispatch personnel, to verify the situation. This will allow you to correct accidental triggers, or describe in more detail what your situation is. If a user fails to answer the phone call, emergency responders are sent automatically. You may also customize who is contacted, whether it be a doctor, family member, therapist, etc. In case of a mental or physical emergency, we also offer assistance through qualified psychologists and doctors.
