## Customer Segments

Our customers will be everyone and anyone who has an emergency situation where they need quick and easy access to get the help they need. Whether you are in an unsafe area of town, an unsafe frame of mind, or if you get put in a dangerous situation, our product will available to anyone and will be able to alert the neccessary people that you need help. No matter where you are, problems will come up and having the proper means to ensure your safety is vital. With the customization of who you will need to alert, it is not just tied to one situation allowing for everyone to be able to find use in our product.

Everyone has situations that come up that they may not be ready for. Our product ensures that you always have that option that will be able to get you out of it. If you are in an accident, push the button and it will alert the police and/or anyone else you have added to be contacted. Your location will be shared and they will be able to get to you. Even outside of the physical, if you are struggling with depression, we can set you up with a therapist who will be notified that you are struggling and be able to get into contact with you to get you the help you need. If you already have a therapist or someone who can help your mental situation, you can have it set up to notify them. Snowballing off the previous point, our customers will also be the therapists who are looking to help clients out with any problems they have. We work to get our customers in need of help with the right therapist for them and in turn finding the right client for the therapist.

