## Customer Relationships
#### What type of relationship do your customers expect from your organization?
Safety is our top priority across the board. With our product, we are offering easy-access, customizable, help for a myriad of situations. Everyone runs into situtions they can't deal with, and we offer to be a helping hand and provide solace to those in need. We can get into contact with our customers via in-house therapists, medical professionals and even our own clerks who are able to evaluate situations and respond accordingly. Our service offers long-term, dedicated personal assistance for its customers. The goal is to create a platform of loyal users that feel they can rely on our service at all times, while also creating a base of medical professionals that rely on our service to gain exposure and clients. We offer an online, automated service that allows users to contact emergency services for any given situation, and a platform for medial professionals and therapists to grow themselves and find new clientele. Clients are then able to rate professionals, allowing all users to see previous experiences with a specific person. This encourages great service, and promotes people who exceed at their jobs.

#### Can you use these relationships to acquire, retain, and up-sell customer segments?
This business model gives us opportunities in the future to expand. Not only will we be able to create new services that relate to our product, but we will have continued growth across the world, in different communities. As of now we have no "up-sell" methods, but with more products and services, we have opportunities to add different level plans if necessary.
