<h1>Key Activities</h1>

<p>Our key activities will be the creation of the mobile app that our customers are able to download and get set up so they can receive the help they need. Once that is set up, we will be developing a small push button that pairs up with the app that our customers can use without having to worry about fumbling with their phone if they need an immediate response or in a situation where they may not have the ability to take out their phone. As stated in many of our other pages, everybody has problems and not everyone has the resources to deal with those problems, especially when it comes to mental health problems. With the help of the Emergen-SEE app and push button, we are able to reach out that helping hand and take our customers to the resources that will get them the help they need. The mobile app will allow an individual to create a profile so they can set up their emergency contacts, get in touch with therapists, and they will be given the ability to link their account with someone else's account so they are able to keep track of someone in case they are in danger. Now safety is our top priority so the linking system will be very secure and require several verification steps from both parties so not just anyone can link with random accounts.</p>
 
<p>If someone is suffering with mental health issues, they can specifically set what mental health issue they have with the app and it will list several therapists who may specilize in that field. If someone doesn't know what mental health issue they have, they can still get into contact with a therapist who will be able to help them. We provide a platform for our customers with problems to get those solved but we also provide a platform for our therapists to get into touch with clients. The mobile app will allow therapists to set up their account after being verified in their field and they will be able to get into contact with people in need of help. Therapists can list their location so someone suffering from mental health problems can find local therapists if they want. If a customer finds a therapist they like, they can set up something outside of the Emergen-SEE platform if they so choose. Emergen-SEE will also provide in-house therapists so therapists can apply to work onsite for Emergen-SEE if they so choose.</p>   
