Task: A key resource for an online business is its use of technology. Consider hardware, software, databases, and data communications. Based on this, develop the Information Technology Platform: a description of the computing and communications equipment and software your new organization needs to operate. This includes not only the equipment for the website, but also the technology to run the business processes and the business administration. 
Our mobile app can be used and downloaded from any operating system, such as android, apple, and windows phones. It is convenient and free to download the app for our customers. The app can be also accessed from any computer using the link to our website. The app will link up customers with emergency hotline people and therapists for emergency purposes only. The app will share the customer’s location (with customer’s permission) for emergency situations only. The small push button we are creating will also run through 4G signal that allows the customer to call for help at any time.  For customers to be able to install the button and get it activated it needs to be done through the mobile app.  Customer will simply download the app, turn on the push button and the app will receive a signal so the button can quickly pair up with an app. 
To support our hotline services, we will be partnering with cellphone companies such as Verizon, Sprint, ATT and US Cellular. We are going to have a management system which will help to hold and track our customers data. We also thinking using DBS system to develop our software  more efficiently and faster.  
